README.md, before:

PayJp
=====

a simple wrapper classes for [Pay.JP](https://pay.jp/) payment service. 

!!!NOT REALLY TESTED!!!

### License

MIT License

### PSR

PSR-1, PSR-2, and PSR-4.

### install

```sh
composer require "asaokamei/payjp"
```

Getting Started
-----

Get public and secret api keys from Pay.JP

```php
define('PAY_JP_SECRET_KEY', 'sk_test_*****'); // your secret key.
define('PAY_JP_PUBLIC_KEY', 'pk_test_*****'); // your public key.
```

Then, create a factory for charges, as 

```php
use AsaoKamei\PayJp\ChargeFactory;

$factory = ChargeFactory::forge(PAY_JP_SECRET_KEY);
```

### charge to a credit card

get a credit token using [checkout](https://pay.jp/docs/cardtoken). 
The token is passed to a PHP script as `$_POST['payjp-token']`. 

```php
$charge  = $factory->create($_POST['payjp-token']);
if (!$charge_id = $charge->charge(1000)) {
    var_dump($charge->getError());
}
```

You can authorize the credit, by,

```php
$charge_id = $charge->authorize(1000);
```

and save the `$charge_id` for later use. 


### capture, cancel, or refund

never tested!

```php
$charge = $factory->retrieve($charge_id);
```

then, do one of the following. 

```php
$charge->capture();
$charge->cancel();
$charge->refund(500);
```

You can only cancel or refund once once.

Commit message:

updated README.md by adding webpay.jp.

README.md, after:

PayJp
=====

a simple wrapper classes for [Pay.JP](https://pay.jp/) and [WebPay](https://webpay.jp) payment services. 

!!!NOT REALLY TESTED nor USED!!!

### License

MIT License

### PSR

PSR-1, PSR-2, and PSR-4.

### install

```sh
composer require "asaokamei/payjp"
```

to see a demo, try

```sh
cd payjp
composer install
cd demo
php -S localhost:8888
```

and browse `http://localhost:8888/`. 

Getting Started
-----

Get public and secret api keys from Pay.jp or WebPay.jp.

```php
define('PAY_JP_SECRET_KEY', 'sk_test_*****'); // your secret key.
```

Then, create a factory for charges, as 

```php
// for Pay.jp
$factory = AsaoKamei\PayJp\PayJp\ChargeFactory::forge(PAY_JP_SECRET_KEY); 

// for WebPay.jp
$factory = AsaoKamei\PayJp\WebPay\ChargeFactory::forge(PAY_JP_SECRET_KEY); 
```

### charge to a credit card

get a credit token ([`$_POST['payjp-token']` for pay.jp](https://pay.jp/docs/cardtoken) or 
[`$_POST['webpay-token']` for WebPay.jp](https://webpay.jp/docs/payments_with_token)). 

```php
$charge  = $factory->create($_POST['service-token']);

if (!$charge_id = $charge->charge(1000)) {
    var_dump($charge->getError());
}
```

You can authorize the credit, by,

```php
$charge_id = $charge->authorize(1000);
```

and save the `$charge_id` for later use. 


### capture, cancel, or refund

never tested!

```php
$charge = $factory->retrieve($charge_id);
```

then, do one of the following. 

```php
$charge->capture();
$charge->cancel();
$charge->refund(500);
```

You can only refund once for pay.jp. 

Notice
------

* `refund` is not working for pay.jp.
